Replace reference to deprecated API (#29381)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/stream-composition.md

Please note that when combining a `Flow` using that method, the termination signals are not carried 
"through" as the `Sink` and `Source` are assumed to be fully independent. If however you want to construct
a `Flow` like this but need the termination events to trigger "the other side" of the composite flow, you can use
`Flow.fromSinkAndSourceCoupled` or `Flow.fromSinkAndSourceCoupledMat` which does just that. For example the cancelation of the composite flows 

> source-side will then lead to completion of its sink-side. Read `Flow`'s scaladoc for a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source-side will then lead to completion of its sink-side. Read @apidoc[Flow]'s API documentation for a 
```
